FF121 iframe lazy loading updates: (#30386)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/iframe/index.md

  - : Indicates when the browser should load the iframe:

    - `eager`
      - : Load the iframe immediately on page load (this is the default value).
    - `lazy`

      - : Defer loading of the iframe until it reaches a calculated distance from the {{glossary("visual viewport")}}, as defined by the browser.

>         The intent is to avoid the network and storage bandwidth needed to fetch the frame until its reasonably certain that it will be needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The intent is to avoid using the network and storage bandwidth required to fetch the frame until the browser is reasonably certain that it will be needed.
```
